Team Leader Zhao
I don't know where I stole the invitation to the party
Mixed in cloth and said he was still making trouble here
I'll kick them out now.
This person in the audience is Miss Lin Shishi
I am Lin Shishi
It's all Miss Lin Shishi
Is the guest of the banquet
I gave the invitation myself
No problem.
What's going on?
This invitation letter was actually given to Lin Shishi by Team Leader Zhao
Could it be that Team Leader Zhao knew Lin Shishi?
I didn't expect it.
This Lin Shishi really has this relationship
No wonder that young man is so arrogant.
It seems that this order today
Who knows who will die?
But he had been thrown out of the neighbor's house.
Why do applicants who do not meet this order still want it?
What do I do?
Do I still need to explain to you?
dare not dare
Several team leaders
Let me introduce you
This is Wang Shao
Saw it yesterday
And behind him is the neighborhood.
This time, the Lin family and the Wang family have joined forces
The strength of the two is unmatched
Absolutely the best partner for orders.
Hello team leaders
You may also know the strength of our Wang family
Worth hundreds of millions
What if you get this 100 billion order?
Certainly not a problem
It must be done perfectly.
Yes, yes, haha, there is Wang Jie's strength.
And Lin Jie's blessing
Yes, yes, the order.
Guaranteed completion
Blocking
Are we officially starting
He got in by deception
I'll see how you end it later.
It's too early to be happy
I announce the official start of the exquisite feast